---
title: DO
nav-icon: <i class="fa fa-bell-o"></i>
bg: blu
color: white
fa-icon: bell-o
safe: <i class="fa fa-medkit"></i>
permalink: fare
prev: pianificare
post: controllare
---


The execution of tasks and the work of each datahat squad should always generate value for both the professionals that lead them and other professionals that take the final product of a user story as a starting point for their own activity. Each role in the building site should always be able to reuse user stories or tasks’ outcome as much as possible, for herself or for other member. Reuse is made easier if a clear documentation is available. Remember, errors are inevitable parts of the building process. The challenge is to exploit them, possibly, in the shortest period of time and with the minimum effort.  

This section is of general interest and pertains to every level of the architecture.

#### <i class="fa fa-exclamation-circle"></i> Prescriptions

1. The site engineer, who is in charge of the backlog, should take as input the recommendation of site manager and team leaders; she should harmonize the activity inside the backlog compatibly with sprints’ duration.
2. Datahat squads are effective if team leaders are knowledgeable about where they are and what are their goals.
3. Team leaders must always document their job to make it easier for anyone else to reuse their production.
4. The production coincides with the progress of a user story.

#### <i class="fa fa-question-circle"></i> Preventions

1. Is there any anxiety or concern regarding the completion of a user story?
2. Are team leaders supportive to one another?
3. Are team leaders free to talk straight to their site manager?
4. Are site managers effective in making the production process more fluid and less stressful?
5. Do site engineers always proceed with verification of workflow's progress? 
